The Joe Rogan experience. Yeah.
That the stories are horrible of them leaving. You know, that it's.
Just night. Like
I told
I chin
what's.
Peter pan.
Oh, I didn't know that one. So what did he say? No,
we're talking about the different Exodus that you talk about. Like the,
the pain that all the races had, the Chinese and all that,
but one of the big struggles is that Cuban one that they,
they leave and like he left the son in Cuba. Ah, you know,
his parents are in Cuba, you know, but then again, I mean,
that's the story of the immigrant. Your grandfather left his brother in Cuba.
Yeah. And, uh, Sicily, you know, to make a, to send checks to, yeah.
That's their plan, you know, you're gonna go to, you're gonna go there.
Send us checks until SU for Melia in
his family lives. Well in Cuba because of his success, you know, I'm.
So you can send money back to Cuba.
To, if you send $10, they give you eight.
O uh.
If you send a hundred dollars. Yeah. [inaudible] they'll give them $80. Yeah.
So they take a.
Little piece. He met Fidel, by the way.
Really? You met Fidel.
The way you're sitting next. Wow.
<Laugh> Was that weird?
No.
You know, um.
He's had two heroes in his life. God and his father.
When.
He see is a human being, he sees a human being. He treats him like.
A human being.
God gives talent to people like Matt brown said, they're very talented.
He celebrates the talent of the human being, the human spirit.
But he sees a, everybody like a human being, you know?
So you just saw Fidel as a human being.
He was the president.
Of this country. You know, now being in America for,
you've been here for a few years now, are you, uh,
completely settled in you? You, you love it here. You're staying here.
This is your spot. Now.
I in contact. He had to.
Yeah.
No, no. You.
No, not that he's staying. He'd already stayed. <laugh> he?
He's already here. He's here to stay.
I hear you, man. No, I say thank you God. For, for giving the opportunity.
My life is here, United States, you know, what's the.
Difference. How's it for different here.
Just freedom. Yeah. Do whatever you want. Yeah.
You have a future. You have a future. You have a future.
Your family have a future. You understand?
When,
when you have a excellence in your family,
when you have a excellence in your country,
it's very hard. <affirmative> and it's very,
you have emotion every day.
When you see the Exodo and your country and your people
and you two possibility that two.
You have the possibilities of getting here, you know,
like you see this Exodus and you see, you know, and we didn't see it.
We don't know what grandpa Rogan did. I don't know what grandpa Rogan.
I don't know why grandpa Rogan left. You know what I'm saying? Like, right.
We all went through this at one point suddenly. And our.
Many people yo lose the life.
A lot of people lose their life.
Trying, trying to get here, trying to.
Get here. I say and
no.
Because he completed that mission. He'll never forget that. You.
Know, they.
And he was lucky that he didn't have to do that raft, right.
To go like the picture from the Yankees that had to go to the making Republic.
They had to SMU 'em out. Mm-hmm <affirmative> to some Columbia, Columbia,
and the Yankees had to sign them.
And that's the only way Tyre showed up with an envelope.
And then nobody knows nothing.
He's happy that he went to Germany and he had a plan, you know?
And yeah. But you know what.
He says, he sits with a lot of people. Listen to the stories.
Listen, that's his, uh, for day before
J on Walmart.
He went to a Walmart by his house.
Maybe the guy here.
Maybe the guy is listening to this right now. Uh,
He went to buy food for his dogs. Yeah. And for his rabbits.
When he comes out.
He sees something, not normal.
A guy and a couple walked in to Walmart.
They were arguing.
He's.
Putting this in his trunk. He hears the Cuban accent.
They had some problem.
Okay.
So he stays. So the problem doesn't escalate.
Okay?
Like this, the car for the woman here, my car here for the guys here.
The chick deescalated, the chick left,
and the guy sat next to him in the car next to him.
He get to his car.
Just closes the door.
He's like.
This, he's all angry. The guy next to the.
Thing.
He loves his window.
Bro.
He tells the guy to breathe and let it go.
No, no, no, no, come, no.
It doesn't. It's not worth the anguish.
You know, he come to me
and the.
Guy came outta the car and started telling the story of what had happened.
He had.
Been here for a year. The states,
He wanted to tell him what happened.
Columbia. He.
Came from Columbia, the guy to come to the United States.
He.
Saw two weeks earlier. He had seen one of his friends.
That he had been.
In the, in the journey with him, from Cuba to Columbia and.
The whole thing.
So he was telling me that that same guy got separated from his wife. You.
Know, why? Why?
Because he couldn't look at his wife's face.
In colo.
That she slept with 12 men in Columbia.
And.
He couldn't do anything. So another,
that was part of the journey to get to the United States. Oh.
She had to do that in order to get over. Yeah.
This is exo.
And that's one of like the minimal stories, you know, mm-hmm
Uh, in Cuba, one week you leave like a me or you and brothers,
you take off one week. And then my plan is to take off a week behind you,
But you don't have no communication after you.
Leave to.
Go. Columbia, Columbia
Ecuador.
Is
that.
The brothers have found on the journey through the jungles of Columbia.
They found their brothers caucuses like eating, like, you know,
by lion or whatever the, yeah, the corpses.
Yeah.
And you have to look.
Keep going to get to the United States.
Serious Christ.
Say, God, thank you for you giving the opportunity.
Very easy. It's not easy, but very easy. When you look,
you.